Add BDK RPC backend tutorial (#54)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/_blog/Bitcoin_Core_RPC_Demo.md

---
title: "Using BDK to build a wallet backed by a Bitcoin Core full node"
description: "Tutorial showing usage of Bitcoin core backend with BDK wallet"
authors:
    - Rajarshi Maitra
date: "2021-08-21"
tags: ["tutorial", "BDK", "Bitcoin Core", "RPC", "Wallet"]
hidden: true
draft: false
---

### Introduction

> BDK wallet developer library can be used to easily deploy wallets with various kinds of blockchain backend support, like `electrum`, `explora`, `compact-filters` ([BIP157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki)) etc. With the latest release of BDK [`v0.10.0`](https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk/tree/0.10.0), BDK now supports Bitcoin Core as a blockchain backend. BDK talks with Bitcoin Core using rust-bitcoin's [bitcoincore-rpc](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-bitcoincore-rpc) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BDK wallet developer library can be used to easily deploy wallets with various kinds of blockchain backend support, like `electrum`, `explora`, `compact-filters` ([BIP157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki)) etc. With the latest release of BDK [`v0.10.0`](https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk/releases/tag/v0.10.0), BDK now supports Bitcoin Core as a blockchain backend. BDK talks with Bitcoin Core using rust-bitcoin's [bitcoincore-rpc](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-bitcoincore-rpc) library.
```
